Update readme's, examples, and dev-docs. (#16)
rancher/Rancher-Plugin-gMSA: charts/rancher-windows-gmsa/3.0.0/app-readme.md

# Windows GMSA Admission Webhook

This chart deploys the [Windows GMSA Admission Webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa/tree/master) onto a Windows cluster.
This admission webhook allows workloads in the cluster to specify `securityContext.windowsOptions.gmsaCredentialSpecName` to target an existing `GMSACredentialSpec` CRD that the workload's `ServiceAccount` is permitted to `use`.
If this requirement is met, the webhook will populate `securityContext.windowsOptions.gmsaCredentialSpec` with the contents of the `GMSACredentialSpec` resource.
The official documentation and tutorials can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa).
> **Note**: If `credential.enabled` is set to `true, a default `GMSACredentialSpec` that can be used by workloads will also be created.
>

> > However, workloads will need to introduce their own RBAC that gives their `ServiceAccount` permissions to `use` this `GMSACredentialSpec`.

Reviewer: Remove all of this since it already exists in the `README.md`, so it will be displayed on the Rancher page.

# Windows GMSA Admission Webhook

> This chart creates the `GMSACredentialSpec` CRD, a default `GMSACredentialSpec` to be used in workloads, and Admission Webhook. The official documentation and tutorials can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart deploys the [Windows GMSA Admission Webhook](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa/tree/master) onto a Windows cluster.

This admission webhook allows workloads in the cluster to specify `securityContext.windowsOptions.gmsaCredentialSpecName` to target an existing `GMSACredentialSpec` CRD that the workload's `ServiceAccount` is permitted to `use`.

If this requirement is met, the webhook will populate `securityContext.windowsOptions.gmsaCredentialSpec` with the contents of the `GMSACredentialSpec` resource.

The official documentation and tutorials can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/windows-gmsa).

> **Note**: If `credential.enabled` is set to `true, a default `GMSACredentialSpec` that can be used by workloads will also be created.
>
> However, workloads will need to introduce their own RBAC that gives their `ServiceAccount` permissions to `use` this `GMSACredentialSpec`.
```

Clarifying a couple of things:
1. This chart doesn't create the CRD, that's the CRD chart.
2. The default credential spec does not get deployed by default.
3. Some more details about the admission webhook at the top.

## Prerequisites

- Active Directory that supports Group Managed Service Accounts
- A Group Managed Service Account
- Kubernetes v1.21+

## Required RBAC Changes  

In order to create workloads running under custom service accounts, an additional `ClusterRoleBinding` must be created to bind each desired service account with the `rancher-windows-gmsa` role created by this chart.

```yaml 
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <CLUSTER_ROLE_BINDING_NAME>
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: rancher-windows-gmsa
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: <SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME>
    namespace: <SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAMESPACE>

> ```

Reviewer: Couple of notes here.

1. We shouldn't specify that you need to create a **Cluster**RoleBinding. You should only need a Role + RoleBinding per namespace for the best security posture here
2. can we move this to the README.md? app-README.md should be smaller.
